# Hello Emacs, use -*- Mode: conf -*- for this file.
#
# use --midmax=1

# Prefixes
abbre  vowel      start
able   vowel      start
abo    vowel      start
ad     vowel      start
aero   vowel      start
aggre  vowel      start
aggro  vowel      start
air    vowel      start
alpha  vowel      start
andro  vowel      start
ani    vowel      start
anno   vowel      start
anthro vowel      start
anti   vowel      start
appa   vowel      start
astro  vowel      start
asympto vowel     start
attra  vowel      start
attri  vowel      start
audio  vowel      start
auto   vowel      start
bay    vowel      start
beta   vowel      start
bibli  vowel      start
billi  vowel      start
billy  vowel      start
bino   vowel      start
blue   vowel      start
bruno  vowel      start
centi  vowel      start
centro vowel      start
chrono vowel      start
com    vowel      start
con    vowel      start
condo  vowel      start
contra vowel      start
contri vowel      start
counter vowel     start
crypto vowel      start
cyber  vowel      start
cyclo  vowel      start
dai    vowel      start
day    vowel      start
deca   vowel      start
deci   vowel      start
demi   vowel      start
deo    vowel      start
dia    vowel      start
dino   vowel      start
dis    vowel      start
draw   vowel      start
dyna   vowel      start
dys    vowel      start
ea     vowel      start
eco    vowel      start
edo    vowel      start
ei     vowel      start
electro vowel     start
endo   vowel      start
entro  vowel      start
exce   vowel      start
exo    vowel      start
extra  vowel      start
extro  vowel      start
fairy  vowel      start
fanta  vowel      start
fero   vowel      start
flexi  vowel      start
foto   vowel      start
gamma  vowel      start
gastro vowel      start
geo    vowel      start
giga   vowel      start
grand  vowel      start
gyro   vowel      start
hemi   vowel      start
hexa   vowel      start
high   vowel      start
hippo  vowel      start
holo   vowel      start
hydro  vowel      start
hylo   vowel      start
hyper  vowel      start
idio   vowel      start
immi   vowel      start
infra  vowel      start
inner  vowel      start
inno   vowel      start
inso   vowel      start
insta  vowel      start
insula vowel      start
intelli vowel     start
inter  vowel      start
intra  vowel      start
intro  vowel      start
iso    vowel      start
judi   vowel      start
juri   vowel      start
juve   vowel      start
keto   vowel      start
kilo   vowel      start
kine   vowel      start
kino   vowel      start
labra  vowel      start
lacto  vowel      start
lava   vowel      start
leo    vowel      start
lepto  vowel      start
limbo  vowel      start
lingo  vowel      start
lipo   vowel      start
liter  vowel      start
loco   vowel      start
logo   vowel      start
longa  vowel      start
longe  vowel      start
longi  vowel      start
lower  vowel      start
luna   vowel      start
mal    vowel      start
maxi   vowel      start
mecha  vowel      start
mega   vowel      start
meta   vowel      start
metro  vowel      start
micro  vowel      start
milli  vowel      start
mini   vowel      start
mono   vowel      start
moto   vowel      start
multi  vowel      start
mytho  vowel      start
nano   vowel      start
necro  vowel      start
neuro  vowel      start
nocto  vowel      start
nova   vowel      start
nylo   vowel      start
nympo  vowel      start
octo   vowel      start
omega  vowel      start
omni   vowel      start
out    vowel      start
outter vowel      start
over   vowel      start
pano   vowel      start
para   vowel      start
patho  vowel      start
penta  vowel      start
peri   vowel      start
perma  vowel      start
photo  vowel      start
phy    vowel      start
physio vowel      start
poly   vowel      start
porto  vowel      start
post   vowel      start
pragma vowel      start
pre    vowel      start
pro    vowel      start
psy    vowel      start
psycho vowel      start
pyro   vowel      start
quadra vowel      start
quadro vowel      start
quatra vowel      start
quota  vowel      start
saxo   vowel      start
semi   vowel      start
sexa   vowel      start
socio  vowel      start
solo   vowel      start
soni   vowel      start
sono   vowel      start
sub    vowel      start
sumo   vowel      start
super  vowel      start
sympto vowel      start
synchro vowel     start
techno vowel      start
tele   vowel      start
tempo  vowel      start
tera   vowel      start
tetra  vowel      start
texto  vowel      start
thera  vowel      start
thermo vowel      start
theta  vowel      start
trauma vowel      start
tri    vowel      start
trio   vowel      start
typho  vowel      start
uber   vowel      start
ubi    vowel      start
ulti   vowel      start
ultra  vowel      start
under  vowel      start
uni    vowel      start
upper  vowel      start
veggie vowel      start
vera   vowel      start
verti  vowel      start
viro   vowel      start
visuo  vowel      start
water  vowel      start
xeno   vowel      start
xylo   vowel      start
zetta  vowel      start

# Middle parts
b      consonant  mid
barr   consonant  mid
bart   consonant  mid
bat    consonant  mid
bath   consonant  mid
bet    consonant  mid
bet    consonant  mid
bin    consonant  mid
bit    consonant  mid
bit    consonant  mid
bl     consonant  mid
bort   consonant  mid
bot    consonant  mid
br     consonant  mid
brat   consonant  mid
brit   consonant  mid
brut   consonant  mid
but    consonant  mid
butt   consonant  mid
c      consonant  mid
ch     consonant  mid
cin    consonant  mid
cl     consonant  mid
con    consonant  mid
d      consonant  mid
dict   consonant  mid
f      consonant  mid
fab    consonant  mid
fal    consonant  mid
fall   consonant  mid
farr   consonant  mid
fect   consonant  mid
fl     consonant  mid
g      consonant  mid
gat    consonant  mid
gh     consonant  mid
git    consonant  mid
gl     consonant  mid
gn     consonant  mid
got    consonant  mid
gott   consonant  mid
gr     consonant  mid
h      consonant  mid
jet    consonant  mid
k      consonant  mid
kk     consonant  mid
l      consonant  mid
ll     consonant  mid
m      consonant  mid
mm     consonant  mid
n      consonant  mid
nn     consonant  mid
p      consonant  mid
ph     consonant  mid
pl     consonant  mid
r      consonant  mid
reb    consonant  mid
rech   consonant  mid
red    consonant  mid
rep    consonant  mid
rev    consonant  mid
s      consonant  mid
sch    consonant  mid
sh     consonant  mid
shon   consonant  mid
shot   consonant  mid
sit    consonant  mid
sk     consonant  mid
son    consonant  mid
sort   consonant  mid
t      consonant  mid
tab    consonant  mid
tam    consonant  mid
tan    consonant  mid
tap    consonant  mid
th     consonant  mid
tram   consonant  mid
tran   consonant  mid
trans  consonant  mid
trap   consonant  mid
trib   consonant  mid
trip   consonant  mid
tt     consonant  mid
v      consonant  mid
van    consonant  mid
ven    consonant  mid
w      consonant  mid
want   consonant  mid
ward   consonant  mid
warm   consonant  mid
warn   consonant  mid
y      consonant  mid

# Suffixes
all    vowel      end
alls   vowel      end
alm    vowel      end
alms   vowel      end
aln    vowel      end
alns   vowel      end
amp    vowel      end
amps   vowel      end
and    vowel      end
ands   vowel      end
arl    vowel      end
arled  vowel      end
arling vowel      end
arls   vowel      end
arm    vowel      end
armed  vowel      end
arming vowel      end
arms   vowel      end
arn    vowel      end
arns   vowel      end
as     vowel      end
ass    vowel      end
ath    vowel      end
aths   vowel      end
aw     vowel      end
awl    vowel      end
awls   vowel      end
awn    vowel      end
awns   vowel      end
aws    vowel      end
ay     vowel      end
eard   vowel      end
eards  vowel      end
earl   vowel      end
earls  vowel      end
earn   vowel      end
earns  vowel      end
eart   vowel      end
earted vowel      end
earts  vowel      end
eat    vowel      end
eated  vowel      end
eating vowel      end
eats   vowel      end
eau    vowel      end
ed     vowel      end
eds    vowel      end
eid    vowel      end
eids   vowel      end
eigh   vowel      end
eighs  vowel      end
eight  vowel      end
eights vowel      end
ell    vowel      end
ells   vowel      end
elm    vowel      end
elms   vowel      end
eo     vowel      end
er     vowel      end
erl    vowel      end
erls   vowel      end
erm    vowel      end
erms   vowel      end
ern    vowel      end
erns   vowel      end
ers    vowel      end
ess    vowel      end
ey     vowel      end
ia     vowel      end
ial    vowel      end
ials   vowel      end
ies    vowel      end
ill    vowel      end
ills   vowel      end
imp    vowel      end
imps   vowel      end
ing    vowel      end
ings   vowel      end
ins    vowel      end
ion    vowel      end
ions   vowel      end
irn    vowel      end
irns   vowel      end
irt    vowel      end
irts   vowel      end
iss    vowel      end
issy   vowel      end
ist    vowel      end
isted  vowel      end
izzy   vowel      end
oll    vowel      end
ollies vowel      end
olls   vowel      end
olly   vowel      end
ollys  vowel      end
omp    vowel      end
omped  vowel      end
omping vowel      end
omps   vowel      end
orm    vowel      end
orms   vowel      end
orn    vowel      end
orned  vowel      end
orning vowel      end
orns   vowel      end
ort    vowel      end
orted  vowel      end
orting vowel      end
orts   vowel      end
oss    vowel      end
ow     vowel      end
owl    vowel      end
owls   vowel      end
ows    vowel      end
ull    vowel      end
ulls   vowel      end
umble  vowel      end
ump    vowel      end
umped  vowel      end
umping vowel      end
umps   vowel      end
urm    vowel      end
urms   vowel      end
urn    vowel      end
urns   vowel      end
urt    vowel      end
urts   vowel      end
uss    vowel      end
ussy   vowel      end
usy    vowel      end
uzzy   vowel      end
y      vowel      end
